konvoy: document that creating an override is required for preprov clusters with an HTTP proxy (#4450)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/2.1/choose-infrastructure/pre-provisioned/create-cluster/index.md

| HTTPS proxy for worker machines          | `--worker-https-proxy string`        |
| No Proxy list for worker machines        | `--worker-no-proxy strings`          |

> <p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>You must also add the same configuration as an a href="../create-secrets-and-overrides#create_overrides">override</a>. See href="../../../image-builder/override-files/create-custom-or-files/proxy-or-files">this documentation</a> [here].</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>You must also add the same configuration as an <a href="../create-secrets-and-overrides#create_overrides">override</a>. For more information, refer to <a href="../../../image-builder/override-files/create-custom-or-files/proxy-or-files">this documentation</a>.</p>
```
